now i've heard
there was a secret cord that
david played and it pleased the lord
but you don't really care
for music do you
it goes like this the fourth
the fifth the minor fall
the major lift the battle
king composing hallelujah
[Music]
i did my best it wasn't much
i couldn't feel it so i had tried to
touch
i've told the truth but it didn't come
[Music]
nothing on my tongue but
hallelujah
[Music]
[Applause]
hi
hey
[Music]
this guy's probably fought hundreds of
thousands of other super beings on the
other planets he's destroyed right and
we have to assume he's won i don't care
how many demons he's fought and how many
hells
he's never fought us not us united
you